# Airbnb-PowerBI-Dashboard-Analysis

1. Introduction Figure 1: Airbnb Logo Airbnb is a key service of the sharing economy and is becoming essentially worldwide with many nights booked in rooms and homes. As we are aware, consumers are continuously adapting and moving towards the ‘sharing economy’. Airbnb concluded that more than 60 million customers have utilized its sharing platform globally (Airbnb, 2016). Airbnb is effectively transforming the travel and short-term rental business since 2008. In addition, New York City has become one of the demanding markets for Airbnb, with more than 52,000 listings as of November 2018 (InsideAirbnb, 2016). Airbnb is an online service that allows homeowners to rent out extra bedrooms or the entire home/apartment as a short term let. The homeowner or ‘host’ can promote their property as three different types of listing. Shared rooms, private rooms, and entire homes/apartments. Through this research, we aim to understand the nature of the Airbnb Business in New York City by analysing the pattern of the variables for further development and basic visualization. 1.1 Context and previous research These days, tourists/visitors would like to attempt new encounters and book their settlement in a non-customary way, for instance not with a hotel, however online with Airbnb. Airbnb represents an online platform where people can rent their properties as
THE VISUALIZING FACTORS OF AIRBNB: WHY DO PEOPLE CHOOSE TO STAY WITH AIRBNB? (IST2234) 7 tourist accommodation without having the standard amenities of a hotel. Airbnb grew quick, despite the fact that voyagers must place their trust in the settlement proprietors with respect to the nature of their remain. The underlying thought originated from the initial two organizers when they had quite recently moved on from college. They chose to promote their condo on a basic site as an AirBed and Breakfast for the International Design Conference delegates, who were hoping to keep away from San Francisco's costly inn costs in 2007. From that point forward, they accepted the third organizer and changed the site into a help for others to advance their rooms as shared convenience for voyagers, at first focusing on enormous and significant occasions. In the wake of enjoying some normal achievement, explicitly at the 2008 Democratic National Convention, the stage was re-begun in 2009 as Airbnb.com, and the administration was reached out past shared settlement to likewise contain the rent of whole properties (Guttentag, 2015). Given that it has just existed since 2008, there is restricted research accessible about Airbnb. In his unpublished ace proposition from 2011, Zachary Lamb portrays in a subjective path a portion of the reasons why Airbnb's clients decide to go with it rather than customary settlement. Guttentag, in his calculated work from 2015, portrayed the Airbnb organization from a troublesome advancement perspective. Tussyadiah and Pesonen's friend inspected experimental examination (2015) depended on the sharing economy writing and incorporated an overview about individuals' explanations behind utilizing distributed momentary rental convenience. Another overview was directed by the travel industry inquire about organization Phocuswright (Hennessey and Gasdia, 2014). The main worldwide monetary administrations firm Morgan Stanley additionally began to direct research through a customer poll, investigating the inspirations of visitors to pick remaining with Airbnb and the impact it would have on the travel industry part. Morgan Stanley likewise started a purchaser survey inquiring about the purposes behind utilizing Airbnb to examine the organization's potential impacts on inns and online travel offices (Nowak et al., 2015). These examinations uncover a portion of the expectations behind picking Airbnb, for example, legitimacy or lower costs, however they additionally make plain a few confinements, for example the constrained existing writing that is accessible on the point. The exploration referenced above, investigations the issues with respect to legitimacy, down to earth profits by the sharing economy, for example, costs, instead of the experience itself, and some of them allude just to general distributed rental settlement, not to Airbnb specifically. To wrap things up, the ends they have come to about the sightseers' inspirations are unique, starting with practical reserve funds, and proceeding with the legitimacy of the experience and consummation with family unit comforts. Another issue with this examination is that it thinks about every one of the customers as one single gathering, rather than separating them into the travel industry convenience showcase fragments dependent on buy inspiration (Guttentag, 2016). The most well-known inquiry is as yet attempting to find out Airbnb's effect on conventional convenience, for example, lodgings, presently and later on. To accomplish this, one would need to build up a comprehension of reasons why individuals proceed to trust and pick Airbnb. Other inquiries however concerning Airbnb, we would have to think about the favorable circumstances and hindrances of buyers and the substitution of existing accommodations. 1.2 Research purpose The primary reason for this examination is to analyze and dissect the attributes which would cause a tourist/visitor to stay at a host’s property by trying to understand better
THE VISUALIZING FACTORS OF AIRBNB: WHY DO PEOPLE CHOOSE TO STAY WITH AIRBNB? (IST2234) 8 what are the motives of tourists when choosing Airbnb is important for Airbnb owners and other stakeholders, such as tourism firms or destination organizations, because from them they can learn more about what tourist requirement needs and wants. Moreover, figuring out buyers’ preferences regarding Airbnb attributes helps to realize the advantages and disadvantages it has over other types of accommodation and vice- versa, the advantages and disadvantages of other types of accommodation have over Airbnb. The substitution effects that of Airbnb has on other types of accommodations could lead to the answer of the question regarding the effect it has over the traditional accommodation sector. It can also help the traditional accommodation sector to overcome Airbnb’s threat. Therefore, this study helps to figure out the new accommodation trend along with the concepts of sharing economy with how likely what factors would cause a tourist to stay at a hosted area.The structure of the report includes research about abstract, acknowledgment, introduction, problem statement, literature review, research methodology, visualization analysis and conclusion 2. Problem Statement 2.1 Objective The objective of this report is to assist hosts to make better decisions with their listing methods and improve their performance on the AirBnb platform. Through the acquiring insights, hosts can increase their occupancy rate by attracting consumers based on their pricing and listing methods. 2.2 Business Scenario As of now, an Airbnb host currently has low bookings on his/her own properties. During festive seasons, the host would like to know how he/she can improve his/her booking rates during the festive season. The host property currently resides in a condominium in New York City where there are multiple Airbnb host in that same building. The competition is high in that building. To understand how the host can improve the booking rates he/she started looking into other more successful Airbnb host properties to understand how he/she can achieve the same amount of success. To understand more on how to improve on the host booking rate the host started looking into the dataset that were published by Airbnb yearly to understand more on how to attract more people to his property. To accomplish this the host is required to use a storyboard to observe other more successful condominium AirBnB unit in the same building. The storyboard will consist of info such as price for all units within the same building where the host may easily compare and see how does price affect the attraction of customers. With this, the host is able to see why other Airbnb host are more successful and how he can adjust the price to attract more bookings in the future.Next, the host may also use the storyboard to observe review given by people who had stayed in other condominium airbnb unit in the same building to further understand what do customers look for when they are staying in an Airbnb unit. With this, the host is able to improve his Airbnb services and attract more customers. New York City is a city of renters where vacancy rates are at crisis levels, and rents are continuously rising. Income levels for the average New Yorker haven't kept pace, and affordability is at low records. This occurs frequently, especially during festive seasons. This causes homelessness levels, food insecurities, economic and racial inequality rates to increase in New York City. It's at this time that short term rental
THE VISUALIZING FACTORS OF AIRBNB: WHY DO PEOPLE CHOOSE TO STAY WITH AIRBNB? (IST2234) 9 platforms, dominated by, have entered the market, and have grown to have listings of tens of thousands of rooms and entire apartments. Therefore, Airbnb addresses the demand for tourist accommodation and creates an income stream for "hosts," and ignores both the need for and loss of housing. For hosts, participating in Airbnb is a way to earn some income from their property, but with the risk that guests might do damage to it. For guests, the advantage can be relatively inexpensive accommodations, but with the risk that the property won't be as appealing as the listing made it seem.
